# Forks
Forking is taking someone else’s repository, and copying it to your own account. There are two reasons you would want to fork someone’s project. You could want to take that project and customize it for yourself. Let’s say there is a particular script that someone keeps on GitHub that deletes all the files on your computer every hour. You want to use that script but change it to run every 15 minutes. You could fork that repository to your account, then change the time so the script runs every 15 minutes. The other reason to fork a repository is to change it for everyone. Let’s say you are on GitHub looking at a project and notice a typo in the instructions. You could fork the repository, fix the typo, and submit a pull request. If the project maintainer(s) decide that your edit is worth adding they can accept your pull request.  
Go to https://github.com/daniel-farkas-dev/fork-me and click the fork button in the top right. A dialog box will come up that has a few options. You can choose which of your accounts you want to fork the repository to, what name and description you want to give the repository (which by default is the name and description of the repository you are forking), and whether you want to copy all the branches or just the main branch. You can leave all the options on default and click ‘Create fork’. Now you have a copy of the repository that you can edit without affecting the original.  
Congratulations you have forked the project! Try editing editMe.md and committing the changes. They are stored on your account and do not affect this repository.
